Oh!  Hey? Shaheenor!  Hey? Everyone's jumping insane. Hi! Everyone!  Checking the the polls.  Hello! Hello! Everyone!  Hi hi!  And, Jason, I like your background.  I haven't attached to the chair so it's a lot easier than a lot of others where you have to have a tripod or something complicated.  This is a lot easier, and then I can just change it same way. So it works.  This is Melissa, so I guess we're waiting for Lorna to join.  I think, Lorna said. She's gonna be about 5 min late.  Heather needs to join.  Okay, okay, we can just wait a quick moment before getting started.  Who else do we have any students who join this meeting?  Okay.  Hello! Hello!  We'll get started.  We can start a 205! It says, Lorna says, go and get it.  Worries and.  Get started and talk about communication and logistics.  Okay, yeah, this is Melissa.  Great good afternoon, everyone, I hope everyone's doing well. If you're in DC.  The weather is crazy right now. So.  It says, 86, according to my watch, it's not even we just jumped from winter right into summer.  I know. Stay cool out there.  We're right here. It's just summer time. Now, that's right.  So before we get started with the meeting agenda, we just wanted to review general communication practices in this meeting, and what we envision for how we communicate with this team and what our culture has been in terms of communication we've had some new folks joining the team and it's  grown. So we've realized that maybe now is a good time to revisit those communication norms, and we haven't taken a minute in a while to review what communication expectations are for the team in person and on Zoom.  So just gonna go over a few kind of team culture items.  And if I miss anything, do feel free to raise your hand and jump in.  So our typical culture of communication has not been very targeted at anyone.  I'm.  You know. Sometimes we'll have certain conversations that are one offs between just a few individuals, but things haven't had been conversed in a larger group, so I don't know if any one here has felt maybe intimidated to show up to a meeting or uncommonfortable to go to  a meeting because of communication, norms that I don't want that to be the case.  I want everyone to feel comfortable and safe, showing up to these meetings and bringing their best selves you know we all have off days here and there, which is okay, and to be expected.  But in general we want to be able to get along well and not have anyone feel targeted in any type of way in these meetings.  So with that being said, I do also want to emphasize that each of you are an integral part of this team and do amazing work.  You guys all bring unique skill sets. And so that means that each one of you we have expectations with each of you. And I get that.  What's some new folks there's still learning what those expectations are, and if you ever feel like I'm really having to prove myself, I'm having to show that I'm having to show that I really know what I'm doing, it's okay to not know what it is that we're talking about  it's okay to express that you don't know it's okay to ask questions.  It's okay to, you know, I just don't want anyone to feel intimidated by asking questions.  I don't want anyone to feel like asking questions is an indicator of not knowing what you're doing.  We don't want that type of culture in this department.  So please ask questions and be transparent with what you're still learning and the knowledge you're still gaining.  So we just what folks to feel comfortable, because if we, are feeling tense it's difficult for us to learn in that environment.  And it's hard to grow and we don't want to send off any tense energy when we leave this team.  So I do just want to underscore that the motion light lab we do advocate for learning.  We support the learning process, and we understand that folks are new.  So everything technology-wise is new. This is all very novel in terms of concepts.  So one nobody needs to prove themselves here. You're already here, and that is proof enough that you need to be here.  And then the second thing I want to say is, Be yourself.  I won't everyone to feel comfortable in these meetings, and just thinking of a few other points that I wanted to make, and then moving more so to focus on zoom stuff I have seen some minor improvements with backgrounds, and how we communicate interpreters have expressed a need to focus on  the content of these meetings, and when there are busy backgrounds and having to remind folks to sign in screen distractions in the background, it's difficult to focus on the content in the interpretation process, so hopefully, that is an improvement.  I know. Very often we get into these conversations, and sometimes we get into the nuts and bolts of things and start moving very quickly.  Which we can kind of become unaware of. And it's just the energy with which we're communicating I think it's okay.  It's just difficult for interpreters to navigate that it working into English.  I have a big monitor on my end, but some folks work from a laptop or a smaller screen, so we do want to try to stay in a neutral signing space and also support each other where we can when it comes to visibility, so it's easier for everybody to see and just to  not take anything personally. If somebody says, Hey, what was that?  What did you say? It isn't anything personal about any particular person.  The last thing I'll say is that this team often has a lot of simultaneous chatter going on in the chat box while we're also talking in meetings.  Some of you are okay with that. That's fine. But sometimes we need eye contact when we're talking, and we wanna make sure that whoever it is we're directing our comments to is looking at us.  And we don't want to have continuous communication breakdowns, because we're not sure where somebody is looking.  If you really need somebody's attention, just say it, you know.  Hold your comment until you get that line of sight. Say, do I have everybody's attention, and then move on with your comments. You know.  Sometimes it's okay. We don't need everyone's eyes on what it is we're saying and what we're saying in the chat is important.  But we can get a pulse in this room of do I need to type this in the chat?  Or where should I be looking to? And as as I'm talking about the chat, I see a message pop up in the chat and got a little bit distracted, so you can see it's it is distracting visually when some chats come up so and also I  just say everyone's be patient with spotlighting, because I know we spotlight quite a bit, and things are moving around.  But this all is tied to communication practices and the lab culture and expectations that we've established as a team does anybody have anything they want to add or anything any comments.  So I just wanted to start off the meeting with that and making sure that we're aligned with those expectations.  But if there are any additional comments, then we can go ahead and move forward with the meeting agenda.  I'm not seeing any comments. I'll take that as a good to go to.  Thumbs up, Lorna, turning it over to you.  I was just gonna say, Oh, thank you, for Melissa for taking the lead for this discussion.  Thank you so much. I'm sorry for showing up late to the meeting, but you and I had already discussed these points already, so I knew that you would say what I was planning on saying anyway, and so thank you very much, and thank you team also with all of your patience and all the feedback that you're  providing in talking about communication, and it can be often tough to change our style, and so thank you so much for all your patience in doing.  Great. This is Melissa here, so should we go ahead and jump into our meeting agenda.  The avatar I update. I see that on the agenda can somebody clarify what that means?  There the avatar I update.  And this is Melissa, I'm just repeating what I had said.  oing into a wall.  It's going into the table.  Yup! Laorna!  I have a question. So for 3 3 dimensional objects.  Like the picture there!  How will it be shown? 